---
title: Github Week 1
layout: post
author: deven.songra
permalink: /blogs/
source-id: 1SDiYW9UguAgzGtNiiVvOGqcVOKwiDr5ZkO9KJ_nKJH0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up my blog </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand the basics on how to make a blog </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I have managed to Understand the basics and    ready to move on</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things I learnt were how to make my repository and make a new website using a website called Github. Github is a website where you can make your own blog using only a few simple steps. In my blog, I will tell you about each of the things I do in my IT lessons in school weekly as that's how often we have our lesson. The effective strategies that I used were to work quickly and sufficiently to get on with the work was using our iPads to follow the instructions on, while we did it on the computer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on going faster in the lesson instead of doing it at home so then It will be easier for me. I could improve my learning by experimenting with the types of codes and features of my blog so it shows that I have put a lot of effort into the given work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will work more efficient I also really need to work on my typing skills so then I could go quicker this will make me be better in the long run.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


