---
title: Mr.Keen - Codeacademy Week 8
layout: post
author: deven.songra
permalink: /mr.keen---codeacademy-week-8/
source-id: 1jd1J7Q3m6t6-yHKnv6FYQVZU1JTRpI74vxiOLS2qZMs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Mr.Keen - Codeacademy Week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/4/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Lesson 2;18</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed 4;0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I went ahead and completed ¾ of excercise 3.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I decided to use teamwork by working together and trying different solutions per person this strategy allowed us to do the exercises thoroughly and quickly but at the same time processing the knowledge, I believe I learnt more than last week doing this method as it was efficient and more better. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited by the fact that the computer I was working on had no WIFI in the middle of the lesson so therefore I had to move in the middle of it but luckily everything saved on codeacademy.I need to work on writing blogs faster and putting down more information instead of leaving it to last minute and therefore not writing a lot of things. Another  habit I need to mainly work on is understanding all of the steps and reading everything before I get straight into experimenting with the coding. Because the better i understand it, the better I will come at it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will go over the instructions on each page twice meaning that I can fully understand it and also that I don't ask for help every now and then because I don't read all of it properly. I can improve my learning by carrying on with the program at home so I can not fall behind as it is quite easy for me to do so.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


