---
title: GitHub - Week 10
layout: post
author: deven.songra
permalink: /github---week-10/
source-id: 1rM-jrGVKnQKiEIhrs01z79BRrTb0SXEbAhBXjd4YtzQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 10 - "Its an analogue world" Last one</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Start off and be close to finishing the whole segment.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuze Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. The way that learnt was that today, we had to make an a analogue piece of code and then get the LDRs to work. Liam and myself managed to successfully code and create this Code and function. This made us very proud of ourselves. The effective strategy was to work quickly by concentrating and not getting involved with other groups.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, the one thing which limited my learning was that I didn't really work as quick as I could have. I have worked quicker in other lessons but today I did not know what happened to myself. The habits I need to work on are to actually wake up more during the lesson due to the fact that I really didn't know what I was doing this lesson. I often found myself pressing keys that I wasn't meant to press which found it really annoying to code.We soon had to restart but not the code we only had to restart the wires as it was done up wong</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, hopefully we can move on to the next stage and then we can be able to move onto lighting up/ setting up the fuse box which is actually the stage in which the class should actually be on. Liam and myself are pretty far ahead so we need to work and take down the speed. I could improve my learning by researching ahead on how to complete the next few stages. This is very helpful as now, all the work we have done, I can write it from scratch without the manual.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JgkJk027iD9z4znuwV2wDVDR7kBlrj71/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/11hneI6NfbFAWAI3-P-D_xgv_wHOAAJGK/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>


