---
title: Mr.Keen - CodeAcademy Week 7
layout: post
author: deven.songra
permalink: /mr.keen---codeacademy-week-7/
source-id: 1q88O-g9x7byAFkRd3uKsUMESNNCB9JbQM-npkzr_PfM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Getting to 90%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finishing 85%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I have managed to do this.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was working very hard and I managed to complete 4 more again meaning that I was working very quickly and sufficient. The effective strategies was to not actually talk to somebody and go off topic about it and I would be able to help them if they needed help and I would just go back to my own work once I'm finished with helping them. Also considering that last week I did very well in working with completing 3 stages, I managed to stay consistent this week.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today again and I didn't get distracted with anything in the whole lesson and also I could work on one habit which is just to stay consistent in weeks. As I have said in previous blogs, I work well one week but the next week I just let myself down. That is why next week I will hopefully be able to stay as hard-working and as consistent as possible once again.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will work more efficient I also really need to work on my typing skills so then I could go quicker this will make me be better in the long run.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


